How is that possible?
In my dictionary of Ye Wushuang, there is no impossible
Impossible this
This is my secret room
How did you find this place?
Nobody knows about this place.
It's simple, I
Just need to put a positioning on my wife
The device is fine.
You designed the money, don't you think?
Seven years?
This year I fell
What do you want?
Do you think I'll be as lawless as you are?
What are you going to do?
You want to get flowers out of my mouth
I'll tell you what.
I won't say a word about my master
I won't tell you a word.
Hey, it's rare for you to be so loyal
You are also loyal to your master
Well, I'll let you go.
If you let me go back
Go back and tell your master
Tell him to wait for me at home
Wait until I find out everything
Let's settle the old accounts together
OK, then I advise you
It is best to take the price and live in seclusion.
Even if I can't kill you today
You won't survive that day
Hahaha
What are you?
I use you to teach me how to do things